Not your keys, not your bitcoin!
Not your node, not your rules!
Bitcoin is the first scarce digital object the world has ever seen.
Not your node, not your transactions!
Bitcoin not blockchain.
1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin
1 Bitcoin = 100000000 Satoshis
1 Satoshi = 1 Satoshi
You are Hodlonaut. We are all Hodlonaut.
Your shitcoin bags will explode in value soon. 
Your shitcoin bags will go to zero eventually.
Buy a random shitcoin today.
Buying shitcoins will get you rekt
Dont underestimate first mover advantage.
You will buy the all time high and sell the all time low.
You will buy the all time low and sell the all time high.
Start a paid TA group an become filthy rich over the backs of your followers.
Youll become rich scamming your paid group followers.
Most Innitial Coin Offerings are scams.
An ICO is a license to print money.
An ICO is a license to print money. Until it isnt.
Dont buy the next ICO youll find.
Never buy into an ICO ever again or youll regret it.
Buy the next ICO at your own peril.
ICO at your own risk.
Your pump and dump scheme will make you a fortune.
Your pump and dump scheme will result in prison time.
Your pump and dump scheme will backfire.
You will lose your keys in a tragic boating accident.
No one believes you lost your keys in a tragic boating accident.
Generate a private key during the next full moon. Youll find itll already contain some funds.
Generate a private key during the next full moon. Burn it. Repeat. The 100th time youll generate a key containing a small fortune.
Be carefull sending bitcoin today. You might send it to the wrong address.
Multisig your wallets or lose your funds in a $5- wrench attack.
Bitcoin hardforks are a bad idea. 
Airgap your coins!
Do not save your keys on your internet connected computer.
Write down your private keys twice and store in waterproof bags at two geografically diffirent locations.
Youve been considering hardforking bitcoin. DONT DO IT!
Your bitcoin hardfork will be a great succes. ROFLMAO!
Bitcoin Cash is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin SV is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoiin is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Gold is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Diamond is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Private is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Hex is not Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Jesus is a joke.
Fun fact. "Iconic shits abashed" is an anagram for "Bcash dies a shitcoin.
Fun fact. "Whorish agitators mini goons attack" is an anagram for "Craig Wright is not Satoshi Nakamoto." 
You are Satoshi Nakamoto and created bitcoin while you were blackout drunk in 2009.
Without knowing it youve met Satashoi Nakamote in real life multiple times.
Satoshi is watching.
Satoshi's return is imminent.
Your mom is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Your dad is Satoshi Nakamoto.
The sister of your best friends nephews lover is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Those who claim to be Satashi are not Satoshi.
Would Satoshi lose his her/their private keys? No!
That Australian guy... He isn't Satoshi Nakamoto.
Those claiming to be Satoshi probably arent Satoshi.
Someone will gift you several Satoshis today
A mysterious transaction will arive in your wallet in the near future
Dont trust the dust in your wallet!
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet sucks.
The fee estimation algortihm of your wallet will improve soon.
The fee estimation algorithm of your wallet is terrible. Consider switching wallets.
Tulips and bitcoin do not equate.
Hyperbitcoinization will happen in your lifetime. Hodl!
Hodl your bitcoin like you hodl your mom.
It will slowly fall when you buy.
It will crash the moment you FOMO buy.
If you speculate wisely the price will rise.
The price will spike just after you panic sell.
Hodlers will be rewarded.
Stacking Sats will bring you fame and fortune in the near future. Dont stop stacking sats!
Your stacks are bound to grow.
Those Sats dont stack themselves.
